As I looked at the date by the dawn’s light today, my heart stopped for a second. It was 9/11/18 17. Seventeen years have gone by, and the heinous acts of violence that day changed the world forever and left an indelible mark on our memory. Let us never forget the events of that day, when terrorism reached the west.  This fateful day Launched America’s longest war: The aftermath of the attacks resulted in the US declaring a war against and invaded Afghanistan. The war has seen an incessant bloodshed and loss of life. No matter what our views may be on this conflict, it is a well-established fact that the slightest sign of the US’s withdrawal 
creates a dangerous vacuum. 
 
The impacts of 9/11 are more profound than they seem, reeling from inexplicable grief people developed mistrust towards certain communities, felt less comfortable with air travel and came face to face with the reality that our liberty and our harmony are under constant attacks. As it is our nature is to move forward in the face of adversity, we moved on. Nearly two decades  later, we are at a crossroad , some people have brought to light the need for us to subside our suspicions and be the ever accommodating society the US is known for, while on the other hand we have concrete and well founded reasons to be vary of the people we let in, it is a known fact that some extremists are willing to flood the US with detractors and malevolent agents and eviscerate  the social fabric. The state of Paris serves as an ominous warning with daily knife attacks, as does the situation in cologne where immigrants have lost any fear of authority and rampaged against women. I would like all of us, no matter which plan of action we support, to remember the actions of the brave men and women and first responders who perished on this day. On sept 11 hundreds of ordinary and general people put others lives before their own and came together as one to aid one another. The Memory of this day above all else, should serve as a tribute to our brave souls., many of whom are still dying of cancer and other diseases due to the debris. Let us never forget them or what they stood for. The idea of the US is more than a piece of land, it symbolizes freedom, 
liberty and courage regardless of the policies of any administration. As JFK said for Berlin:  "Ich bin ein Berliner!"... All free men, wherever they may live, are citizens of Berlin, and therefore, as a free man, I take pride in the words "Ich bin ein Berliner!"  I say for the US, that in spirit, all free men and women are American.  As a closing remark, I bid adieu with an excerpt from the star-spangled banner: 
 
“Then conquer we must, when our cause it is just, And this be our motto: 'In God is our trust.' And the star-spangled banner in triumph shall wave O'er the land of the free and the home 